MUTCD 11th Edition - FHWA MUTCD
Search MUTCD Site:
MUTCD Home
Site Map
Knowledge
Overview
Evolution of the MUTCD
Who Uses the MUTCD
MUTCD Current Edition
Color Specifications
Amendment Process
Experimentations
Standard Highway Signs (SHS) Publication
FAQs
Resources
MUTCD Team
23 CFR 655
Official Rulings
Interim Approvals
Interpretations 
            Issued by FHWA
State 
            MUTCDs & TCD Info
Related Links
Federal Register
Policy Statements
Previous Editions of the MUTCD
Publications
Knowledge
11th Edition of the MUTCD, December 2023
Current Edition
Complete MUTCD
Individual Parts and Chapters
Additional Resources
This is not the most current version of the MUTCD.
The
current version
is the 11th Edition with Revision 1, dated December 2025.
The PDF of the 11th Edition of the MUTCD, dated December 2023, is
not the current edition
of the official FHWA publication.
Viewing the MUTCD
The 11th  Edition of the MUTCD is available
only in  PDF format
on this Web site. PDF formatted parts and chapters are  accessible to individuals with disabilities, per
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act
. Starting with the 11th Edition of the MUTCD,  FHWA no longer provides the MUTCD in a companion HTML format.
The Complete MUTCD 11th  Edition
This file  contains the MUTCD in its entirety, including all Parts, Chapters, Figures,  Tables, and Appendices.
MUTCD 11th Edition, December  2023
MUTCD 11th Edition Hotlinks version (posted October 2024)
Individual Parts and Chapters
Individual  files by Part or Chapter are provided for easier viewing online or for faster downloading.  The content of these files is identical that  of the complete MUTCD file.
Table of Contents
Part 1 -  General
Part 2 -  Signs:
Chapter 2A - General
Chapter 2B - Regulatory Signs, Barricades, and Gates
Chapter 2C - Warning Signs  and Object Markers
Chapter 2D - Guide Signs - Conventional Roads
Chapter 2E - Guide Signs - Freeways and Expressways
Chapter 2F - Toll Road Signs
Chapter 2G - Preferential and Managed Lane Signs
Chapters 2H-2N - General Information Signs, General Service Signs, Specific  Service Signs, Tourist-Oriented Directional Signs, Changeable Message Signs,  Recreational and Cultural Interest Area Signs, and Emergency Management Signs
Part 3 -  Markings
Part 4 -  Highway Traffic Signals
Part 5 -  Traffic Control Device Considerations for Automated Vehicles
Part 6 -  Temporary Traffic Control
Part 7 -  Traffic Control for School Areas
Part 8 -  Traffic Control for Railroad and Light Rail Transit Grade Crossings
Part 9 -  Traffic Control for Bicycle Facilities
Appendices  A1 and A2 - Congressional Legislation and Metric Conversions
Additional Resources
MUTCD 11th Edition Hotlinks version (posted October 2024)
Complete MUTCD 11th Edition Hotlinks version
Instructions for Using the Hotlinks Features
Internal Hotlinks
: Easily navigate throughout the MUTCD 11th Edition using internal hotlinks. Anywhere in the document that another Part, Chapter, Section, Figure, Table, Page, or Appendix within the MUTCD 11th Edition is referenced, you can select this reference and be navigated to the referenced location within the document. To return to the page that had the hotlink, use the "Left Arrow" key while holding down the "Alt" key, or right-mouse-click and select "Previous View".
Links to external documents and web sites
: Select in-text web site URLs and references to external documents to open the web page or document in a new window.
Known Errors
: Errors known as of May 10, 2024 for the MUTCD 11th Edition document are marked in the text. Look for the words "Known Error" in the left margin and a blue outline around the section, paragraph, figure, or table that has an error. Select the blue-outlined box to go to the latest version of the List of Known Errors.
Changes from the 2009 Edition
To assist agencies in understanding the new provisions, supplementary  documents detailing new content of the 11th Edition of the MUTCD (December  2023), and how the new edition differs from its predecessor, the 2009 Edition  with Revisions 1, 2, & 3 incorporated (August 2022), are available
in the Rulemaking Docket
and linked below.
2009 MUTCD Text Redline with 11th Edition Changes
MUTCD 11th Edition Supplemental Summary of Dispositions for Final  Rule Changes
Webinar  Recordings
FHWA conducted two  Webinars on the 11th Edition of the MUTCD, with recordings available at the  links below.
Executive Summary  and General Overview (March 6, 2024)
Provides  an overview of the 11th Edition of the MUTCD, highlighting some of the changes  of interest.
Recording  – Click here
(Passcode: $awN^e38)
An Overview of the 11th Edition Changes Related to  Vulnerable Road Users (April 11, 2024)
Provides an overview  of specific provisions of the MUTCD centered on
Vulnerable  Road Users
, including pedestrians and bicyclists, as well as  accessibility.
Recording  – Click here
(Passcode: 2^6E?Yqd)
List of Known  Errors
List  of Known Errors in the 11th Edition of the MUTCD
US DOT Home
|
FHWA Home
|
MUTCD Home
|
Operations Home
|
Privacy Policy
United States Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration